com/example/android/myshoestore/BR.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.BR
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/android/myshoestore/InstructionFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.InstructionFragmentDirections
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentInstructionBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentInstructionBinding
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentShoeDetailBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailBinding
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentLogoutBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentLogoutBinding
com/example/android/myshoestore/ShoeDetailFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.ShoeDetailFragmentDirections
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentMyShoeListBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentMyShoeListBinding
com/example/android/myshoestore/LoginFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.LoginFragmentDirections
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBindingImpl
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentLogoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentLogoutBindingImpl
com/example/android/myshoestore/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.android.myshoestore.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.android.myshoestore.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/android/myshoestore/MyShoeListFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.MyShoeListFragmentDirections
 com.example.android.myshoestore.MyShoeListFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.android.myshoestore.MyShoeListFragmentDirections$ActionMyShoeListFragmentToShoeDetailFragment2
com/example/android/myshoestore/LogoutFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.LogoutFragmentDirections
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/ShoeItemBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.ShoeItemBinding
com/example/android/myshoestore/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.BuildConfig
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/android/myshoestore/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/android/myshoestore/WelcomeFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.WelcomeFragmentDirections
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/NavHeaderBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.NavHeaderBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/FragmentShoeDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.FragmentShoeDetailBindingImpl
com/example/android/myshoestore/ShoeDetailFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.ShoeDetailFragmentArgs
 com.example.android.myshoestore.ShoeDetailFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.android.myshoestore.ShoeDetailFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/android/myshoestore/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.android.myshoestore.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
